Open AAI new codeex update is insane.
Open AAI just broke coding. Codeex is
now 1.5x faster overnight. No warning,
no buildup, just dropped. And developers
are losing their minds over this. This
isn't just a small update. This changes
how fast you can build with AI. The new
fast command is real. It's live and it
works. We're talking instant AI
responses while you code. No more
waiting. No more flow breaking. No more
staring at the screen. This is the
update that turns Codeex into something
completely different. Stay with me
because by the end of this video, you're
going to see exactly why this matters
and exactly how to use it. Let's go.
Hey, if we haven't met already, I'm the
digital avatar of Julian Goldie, CEO of
SEO agency, Goldie Agency. Whilst he's
helping clients get more leads and
customers, I'm here to help you get the
latest AI updates. Julian Goldie reads
every comment, so make sure you comment
below. Here's the thing about AI coding
tools right now. They're already
incredible. You can ask AI to write
code, fix bugs, build entire features.
That used to take days. Now it takes
minutes. But there's always been one
problem that nobody talks about enough.
Speed. Specifically, the waiting. Every
single time you ask Codeex for help, you
stop. You type your question. You sit
there. You wait 8 seconds, 10 seconds,
sometimes 15. And that gap breaks
everything. There's a concept called
flow state. is that zone where you're
coding fast, thinking clearly, ideas are
connecting, you're in the zone,
everything feels effortless, and then
you stop to ask AI something, and you
wait, and the zone disappears. That one
pause kills your momentum. You lose the
thread, you start scrolling Twitter, 5
minutes later, you're back trying to
remember where you were. Developers know
this feeling. It's the single biggest
frustration with AI coding tools. The
power is there, but the speed hasn't
kept up until now. OpenAI just ships
something simple but massive. A new
command inside Codeex. It's called fast.
You type fast in codeex and the whole
experience changes. Responses come back
1.5x faster. Suggestions fire instantly.
Debugging answers land before you finish
thinking about the next step. Same
intelligence, same reasoning, same
quality, just faster. No trade-off on
the thinking side. This is the first
time OpenAI has made speed a toggle
inside a coding AI agent. You can flip
into turbo mode. exactly when you need
it, during debugging sessions, during
rapid prototyping when you're in the
zone and you need to stay there. The
only trade-off is credits. Fast mode
uses about 2x more credits than
standard, but more on that in a second
because the capability jump makes that
completely worth it in the right
situations. Quick pause here. This
because if what I'm showing you right
now gets you excited about what's
possible with AI automation, you need to
know about the AI profit boardroom. This
is where we take every update like this
one and turn it into real practical
systems. We don't just cover what the
tools do. We show you how to actually
use them to automate your business, save
time, and build better. Whether you're
running an agency, an online business, a
community, or a side project. We cover
tools like codecs, workflows, automation
strategies, and the exact processes that
make AI work in the real world, not
theory, real systems. Link is in the
description. Go check it out. Now, back
to the update. Here is where it gets
even wilder. The reason fast mode exists
and works so well is because of the new
model powering codeex right now. GPT
5.4. Open AAI just dropped this and is
their best coding model ever shipped.
Let me break down what it actually does.
First, native computer use. GPT 5.4 can
control a computer like a human. Move
the cursor, click buttons, read
screenshots, type on a keyboard. This
means codeex is no longer just writing
code in a text box. It can actually
operate the software a developer uses.
It can see your screen. It can interact
with your tools. Second, 1 million token
context window. This is enormous. You
can hand it an entire codebase, massive
documentation, multi-file projects
across dozens of files. It holds all of
it in context at once. No more chopping
up your code and feeding it in pieces.
Just give it everything and let it work.
Third, it's the strongest coding model.
Open Air has ever released. It scores
57.7% on S. S. S. S. S. S. S. S. S. S.
S. Bench Pro. The previous version
scored 56.8%.
The jump looks small, but combine that
with the speed and the computer use
capabilities and you get something that
feels completely different to work with.
Let me show you what this looks like in
practice because this is where things
get genuinely hard to believe. Codeex
with GPT 5.4 can now debug entire
applications, not just single functions.
The whole app. It reads the structure,
finds the problems, fixes them, moves on
to the next one, it can read
screenshots. So if your UI is broken or
looks wrong, you show codeex a
screenshot and it diagnoses the issue
visually. No more trying to describe in
words what a visual bug looks like.
There is also experimental playright
integration. This means codeex can
actually test the web apps it builds. It
opens a browser, clicks through the app,
checks the interface, finds bugs,
reports back. It's testing its own work.
Here's a real example. I want to build a
landing page for the AI profit
boardroom. A page that explains what AI
automation can do, shows the value of
the community, and converts visitors
into members. I want it mobile first,
fast loading and clean with codeex in
fast mode. I type build a high
converting landing page for the AI
profit boardroom. Show the value of AI
automation. Explain the community
benefits. Make it mobile first with a
strong call to action. Codeex writes the
full HTML and CSS. Then with Playright,
it opens the page in a browser, tests
the layout, checks mobile
responsiveness, finds any issues, and
fixes them all without me touching it
again. What used to take a developer
hours now takes minutes inside one agent
loop. This is the real shift happening
right now. Codeex is no longer just a
coding assistant. It's a coding agent.
And there is a huge difference between
the two. An assistant waits for you to
tell it what to do next. An agent takes
a goal and works through the whole thing
on its own. Real talk.
Fast mode has a cost and you should know
it. Standard mode is slower but uses
fewer credits. It is perfect for big
long background tasks, large refactors,
writing documentation, overnight
processing jobs where speed is not the
priority. Fast mode burns through about
2x more credits. It is built for the
moments when speed is everything. When
you are actively debugging, when you are
in flow and you need to stay there. when
you are in a live session and waiting
would break your concentration. The
smart approach is to use both. Standard
mode for everything that can wait. Fast
mode for the sessions where being slow
costs you more than the extra credits
do. It is not a choice between one or
the other. It is knowing when to flip
the switch. Zoom out for a second
because this update means more than just
a faster response time. Every update
OpenAI ships to Codeex moves us closer
to autonomous development. AI that
doesn't just help you code. AI that
builds entire systems while you think
about strategy and direction. The
developers and builders who learn to
work with tools like this right now are
going to operate at a completely
different speed than everyone else. That
speed compounds, more experiments,
faster iteration, more things shipped,
more problems solved. AI coding just
entered turbo mode, and this is only
going to keep moving. Now, my question
for you, would you flip your fast mode
on and burn the credits, or would you
stay on standard and keep it slow? Drop
your answer in the comments. Julian
reads every single one. If you want to
go deeper and actually start using AI
automation to build real systems and
grow your business, the AI profit
boardroom is where you want to be. We
break down every update like this one,
build real workflows, and show you
exactly how to put AI to work in a way
that actually makes a difference. link
is in the description. And if you want
to start for free right now, join the AI
Success Lab. It is our free community of
over 40,000 members who are already
putting AI to work. You will get the
full video notes from today, plus access
to over 100 AI use cases, SOPs,
templates, and a community of people who
are actually building with this stuff
every day. Links are in the comments in
the description. Do not just watch this
and scroll on. Use it. Build something.
The tools are here. The speed is here.
The only thing left is for you to start.